index.md, before:

## Welcome to GitHub Pages

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/KudProject/kudproject.github.io/edit/master/index.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/KudProject/kudproject.github.io/settings). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://help.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

Commit message:

Actually serve a content to view :P
Signed-off-by: Albert I <krascgq@outlook.co.id>

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Index
---

## About

KudProject is a solo project that was started in March 2016 with KudTW for Galaxy J2 LTE (j2lte), which later renamed to KudKernel in later releases before discontinued shortly after due to lack of actual device and testers. KudKernel was also available for Galaxy S4 GT-I9500 (ja3gxx, previously i9500), also to have it discontinued sooner.

The first "real" project under KudProject flag was KudKernel for Xiaomi Redmi 3/3 Pro (ido) (which later renamed to Chtolly Kernel in future releases) and several (un)official aftermarket Android distributions for a few number of devices.

## Availability

KudProject works are available for these devices:
* Samsung Galaxy J2 LTE (j2lte)
* Samsung Galaxy S4 GT-I9500 (ja3gxx)
* Asus ZenFone 2 ZE551ML (Z00A)
* Xiaomi Redmi 3/3 Pro (ido)
* Xiaomi Redmi Note 4/4X Snapdragon (mido)

In addition to GitHub, KudProject is also available on [GitLab](https://gitlab.com/KudProject) for several projects, read-only.

## Active Projects

* [KudKernel for Xiaomi Redmi Note 4/4X Snapdragon (mido)](https://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=75588047)
* [Unofficial Red Wolf Recovery Project for Xiaomi Redmi 3/3 Pro (ido)](https://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=3770015)

## Downloads

Downloads are usually provided on ~~[BotStack](https://srv1.botstack.host:9001)~~ (currently down) and [AndroidFileHost](https://androidfilehost.com/?w=profile&uid=95916177934531562). However, for KudKernel for mido, downloads are also provided on [GitHub releases](https://github.com/KudProject/kernel_xiaomi_msm8953/releases) of the source code.
